Guo Mingqiang, you are crazy, I am crazy
Hahaha wants me to get out of the house
You dream you
Autonavi
You're not already in the car, are you?
Humph
Get out of here
It concerns the Ango family
I'm not as careless as you are
Don't worry.
I've already had the bomb tampered with
You don't have to worry at all
It's true.
Believe it or not?
Hahahahaha
Husband husband, listen to me explain husband husband
Ah, kill you and break up?
My brother dares to threaten me
I let you threaten me
Let you threaten
I let you threaten
My Queen
For an outsider
Kill me alone
My eldest lady said
Let me see it.
What kind of Red Army is he?
Pushed you into this
I can satisfy you.
Did I get robbed for 48,000 miles?
Yeah, that's him.
Ha ha.
The Autonavi Show
Don't be too happy
You will die at his hands
You will die at his hands what do you mean
You will die.
You will die
Miss, didn't they find a channel to get the high-priced bomb by themselves?
How did our people come into contact?
How could we possibly touch something like that?
How about toothpaste?